and meditations on the holy rosary of
san josemaría escrivá de balaguer
first joyful mystery the annunciation
do not forget my friend that we are children
lady of the sweet name Maria is
collected in prayer you are in that
home what you want to be a friend a
raised a curious a neighbor I do not now
I dare to be nothing I hide behind
you watched the scene dumbfounded
archangel says are dropped so tis fie
tour with the virus I do not know in what way
this will be done if I do not know male voice
of our mother to blow in my memory
by contrast all the impurities of the
men mine too and how I hate
then those low miseries of the
land what purposes I saw my second and
berdún you have in me according to your word to the
charm of these virginal words is the
verb was made here
will end the first decade though
I take time to tell my god before
that mortal Jesus loves you